Ecommerce website building :
FastAPI:FastAPI is a Python framework used to build the backend server and APIs. It receives requests from the client and sends responses back.
for fastapi application uvicorn is the engine 

MySQL is a Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) used to store, manage, and retrieve data. Data is organized into tables that are related to each other. 

To start the fastapi use :--uvicorn main:app --reload

SQLAlchemy -- it is used to make pyton talk to the database

pymysql-- it is the connector,translator


create fast api import and create def home function to the home page in the main.py   then create a database and table user to get user name, email , password 

Component(folder used in the project):
	main.py-start the application 
	database.py -- it help to connecting your backend to the MySQL 
	models.py -- blueprint for tables
	schemas.py -- Rules for data entering  and leaving the API, it check and validate the data 
	Routes -- Instead of putting all the code in one file, we Organize
	auth.py -- Handle:Register, login and logout
	products.py -- Handles:View Products, Add Product,Update Product,Delete Product
	cart.py-- view cart, add to cart , remove from cart
	orders.py -- place orders, view orders


GET: Retrieves data from the server without modifying any existing resource.
POST: Sends new data to the server to create a new resource.
PUT: Updates or replaces an existing resource with new data.
DELETE: Removes a specified resource from the server.


in database session maker is to create sessions, and declarative_base for used to create models

declarative_base() -- parent class for all models

Yield--Gives the value temporarily and then continues executing the remaining code later.
pip install passlib[bcrypt]--password encryption
 
1.create registration  to secure the password use hash in passlib to protect password from converting into hash number  for hash pip install passlib
2.create login --> check the username and password check the password entered and hashed password store in the database
3.creating a jwt tokens it is used to create tokens and token type that stored in the front end after login so the login user can use the website
pip install python-jose

jwt 1.secret key --> algorithm -->access token 


why jwt tokens means if we login and go for every end point like product ,cart every part we need to enter the email and password instead of this we use jwt token it create a jwt session and it give authorization to the user for the time we give

oauth-is used another platform to login like facebook,google

Bearer is a type of authentication

Admin
  ↓
Create Products
Update Products
Delete Products

Customer
  ↓
View Products
Add To Cart
Place Orders


				REACT

React is a JavaScript library used to build user interfaces.






	